Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations." These forward-looking statements are based on current expectations and assumptions that are subject to risks and uncertainties, which could cause our actual results to differ materially from those reflected in the forward-looking statements. Factors that could cause or contribute to such differences include, but are not limited to, those discussed in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, including the risks discussed in Part I, Item 1A "Risk Factors" and the trends discussed in Part II, Item 7 "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations," and those discussed in other documents we file with the SEC. We undertake no obligation to revise or publicly release the results of any revision to these forward-looking statements, except as required by law. Given these risks and uncertainties, readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on such forward-looking statements. As used herein, "Alphabet," "the company," "we," "us," "our," and similar terms include Alphabet Inc. and its subsidiaries, unless the context indicates otherwise. "Alphabet," "Google," and other trademarks of ours appearing in this report are our property. We do not intend our use or display of other companies' trade names or trademarks to imply an endorsement or sponsorship of us by such companies, or any relationship with any of these companies. PART I ITEM 1. BUSINESS Overview As our founders Larry and Sergey wrote in the original founders' letter, "Google is not a conventional company. We do not intend to become one." That unconventional spirit has been a driving force throughout our history, inspiring us to tackle big problems and invest in moonshots. It led us to be a pioneer in the development of artificial intelligence (AI) and, since 2016, be an AI-first company. We continue this work under the leadership of Alphabet and Google CEO, Sundar Pichai. Alphabet is a collection of businesses &#8212; the largest of which is Google. We report Google in two segments, Google Services and Google Cloud, and all non-Google businesses collectively as Other Bets. Supporting these businesses, we have centralized certain AI-related research and development focused on advanced research in AI and developing the frontier models that serve our businesses, which is reported in Alphabet-level activities. Alphabet's structure is about helping each of our businesses prosper through strong leaders and independence. Access and Technology for Everyone The Internet is one of the world&#8217;s most powerful equalizers; it propels ideas, people, and businesses large and small. Our mission to organize the world&#8217;s information and make it universally accessible and useful is as relevant today as it was when we were founded in 1998. Since then, we have evolved from a company that helps people find answers to a company that also helps people get things done. We are focused on building an even more helpful Google for everyone, and we aspire to give everyone the tools they need to increase their knowledge, health, happiness, and success. Google Search helps people find information and make sense of the world in more natural and intuitive ways, with trillions of searches on Google every year. YouTube provides people with entertainment, information, and opportunities to learn something new and helps support the creator economy through the YouTube Partner Program. Google Cloud helps customers build for the future, improve productivity, reduce costs, and unlock new growth engines. We continually innovate and build new products and features to help our users, partners, customers, and communities and have invested more than $200&#160;billion in research and development in the last five years in support of these efforts. 3. Table of Contents Alphabet Inc. Making AI Helpful for Everyone We believe AI is a profound platform shift that can bring meaningful and positive change to people and societies across the world, and to our business. We aim to build the most advanced, safe, and responsible AI through our full-stack approach, which spans AI-optimized infrastructure; world-class research, including models and tooling; and our products and platforms that bring AI to billions of people, developers, and enterprises. At the foundation of our full-stack approach is our AI-optimized infrastructure &#8212; a key differentiator enabling us to power our own products, such as Search and YouTube, and support the services we provide to our Google Cloud customers. Our technical infrastructure allows us to use and offer our customers a range of AI accelerator options, including specialized Graphics Processing Units (GPUs) and our own custom-built Tensor Processing Units (TPUs), such as Ironwood, our seventh-generation TPU. We are focused on driving efficiencies in our data centers, allowing us to leverage our technical infrastructure to deliver our products and services at an increasing scale while simultaneously enabling world-class research and model development. Over the last decade, our research teams have pushed the boundaries of AI forward, which is displayed through Gemini 3, our most intelligent AI model yet. Designed to deliver advanced multimodal understanding, Gemini 3 represents our most capable iteration of agentic and generative coding technologies. Gemini 3 integrates enhanced reasoning capabilities to support visualizations and interactive user experiences across our product ecosystem, including Search and the Gemini app. As technology continues to improve rapidly, we are focused on bringing our latest AI advances to our products and platforms. We continue to help our users access information and knowledge, express themselves, and get things done by embedding the power of generative AI and Gemini into our products and platforms. Today, all 15 of our half-billion-user products &#8212; including seven with two billion users &#8212; use our Gemini models. For our Google Cloud customers, our offerings are helping organizations stay at the forefront of innovation with solutions such as Gemini Enterprise and Gemini for Google Workspace. Guided by our AI principles, we believe our approach to AI must be both bold and responsible. That means developing AI in a way that maximizes the positive benefits to society while addressing its potential challenges. Moonshots Many companies get comfortable doing what they have always done, making only incremental changes. This incrementalism leads to irrelevance over time, especially in technology, where change tends to be revolutionary, not evolutionary. Our early investments in AI started out as moonshots but are now incorporated into our core products and central to future developments. In Other Bets, our fully autonomous driving technology company, Waymo, is now providing fully autonomous, paid ride-hailing services to customers in multiple cities. Isomorphic Labs is reimagining the drug discovery process from first principles, applying AI to accelerate the development of new medicines. We continue to look toward the future and to invest for the long term, most notably for the application of AI to our products and services, as well as other frontier technologies such as quantum computing. Privacy and Security We make it a priority to protect the privacy and security of our products, users, and customers, even if there are near-term financial consequences. We do this by continuously investing in building products that are secure by default; strictly upholding responsible data practices that emphasize privacy by design; and building easy-to-use settings that put people in control. We are continually enhancing these efforts over time, whether by enabling users to auto-delete their data, applying privacy technologies like on-device processing, giving people tools to control their experience, or advancing anti-malware, anti-phishing, and password security features. Google For reporting purposes Google comprises two segments: Google Services and Google Cloud. Google Services Serving Our Users We have always been committed to building helpful products that can improve the lives of millions of people worldwide. Our product innovations are what make our services widely used, and our brand one of the most recognized in the world. Google Services' core products and platforms include ads, Android, Chrome, devices, Gmail, Google Drive, Google Gemini, Google Maps, Google Photos, Google Play, Search, and YouTube, with broad and growing adoption by users around the world. 4. Table of Contents Alphabet Inc. Our products and services have come a long way since the company was founded more than 25 years ago. While Google Search started as a way to find web pages, organized into ten blue links, we have driven technical advancements and product innovations that have transformed Google Search into a dynamic, multimodal experience. Large language models have made it possible to express more natural language queries, vastly improving the types of questions users can ask, and the quality of results. For example, AI Overviews makes it easier to ask Google anything and get a helpful response. AI Mode allows users to ask more nuanced questions that might have previously taken multiple searches, using Gemini&#8217;s advanced reasoning, thinking, and multimodal capabilities. This drive to make information more accessible and helpful has led us over the years to improve the discovery and creation of digital content both on the web and through platforms like Google Play and YouTube. People are consuming many forms of digital content, including watching long and short form videos and podcasts, streaming TV, playing games, listening to music, reading books, and using apps. Working with content creators and partners, we continue to build new ways for people around the world to create and find great digital content. Fueling all of these great digital experiences are extraordinary platforms and devices. That is why we continue to invest in platforms like our Android mobile operating system, Chrome browser, and Chrome operating system, as well as our family of devices. We see tremendous potential for devices to be helpful and make people's lives easier by combining the best of our AI, software, and hardware. This potential is reflected in our latest generation of devices, such as the new Pixel 10 series and the Pixel Watch 4. Creating products and services that people rely on every day is a journey that we are investing in for the long-term. How We Make Money We have built world-class advertising technologies for advertisers, agencies, and publishers to power their digital marketing businesses. Our advertising solutions help millions of companies grow their businesses through our wide range of products across devices and formats, and we aim to ensure positive user experiences by serving the right ads at the right time and by building deep partnerships with brands and agencies. AI has been foundational to our advertising business for more than a decade. Products like Demand Gen, Performance Max, and Product Studio use the full power of our AI to help advertisers find untapped and incremental conversion opportunities. Google Services generates revenues primarily by delivering both performance and brand advertising that appears on Google Search &amp; other properties, YouTube, and Google Network partners' properties ("Google Network properties"). We continue to invest in both performance and brand advertising and seek to improve the measurability of advertising so advertisers understand the effectiveness of their campaigns. &#8226; Performance advertising creates and delivers relevant ads that users will click on leading to direct engagement with advertisers. Performance advertising lets our advertisers connect with users while driving measurable results. Our ads tools allow performance advertisers to create simple text-based ads. &#8226; Brand advertising helps enhance users' awareness of and affinity for advertisers' products and services, through videos, text, images, and other interactive ads that run across various devices. We help brand advertisers deliver digital videos and other types of ads to specific audiences for their brand-building marketing campaigns. We have allocated substantial resources to stopping bad advertising practices and protecting users on the web. We focus on creating the best advertising experiences for our users and advertisers in many ways, including filtering out invalid traffic, removing billions of bad ads from our systems every year, and closely monitoring the sites, apps, and videos where ads appear and blocklisting them when necessary to ensure that ads do not fund bad content. In addition, Google Services generates revenues from products and services beyond advertising, including: &#8226; consumer subscriptions, which primarily include revenues from YouTube services, such as YouTube TV, YouTube Music and Premium, and NFL Sunday Ticket, as well as Google One, which offers access to our most capable Gemini models; &#8226; platforms , which primarily include revenues from Google Play sales of apps and in-app purchases; and &#8226; devices, which primarily include sales of the Pixel family of devices. Google Cloud Through our Google Cloud Platform and Google Workspace offerings, Google Cloud generates revenues primarily from consumption-based fees and subscriptions for infrastructure, platform, applications, and other cloud services. Customers use Google Cloud in multiple ways such as: 5. Table of Contents Alphabet Inc. &#8226; AI-optimized Infrastructure: runs on our Cloud, at the edge, or in customers' data centers. It can be used to migrate and modernize information technology (IT) systems and to train and serve various types of AI models.&#160;Our AI infrastructure delivers cost-performance for AI workloads.&#160;We offer a range of AI accelerators, including our custom TPUs and specialized GPUs, as well as AI-optimized storage offerings, and efficient AI software. &#8226; Developer Platform: delivers a fully managed AI development platform, through Vertex AI, for accessing, tuning, augmenting, and deploying custom models and agents, helping customers build applications with more than 200 foundation models, including our Gemini family, third-party, and open models. &#8226; Cybersecurity: provides AI-powered threat intelligence and cybersecurity solutions to help customers detect, analyze, protect against, and respond to a broad range of cybersecurity threats. &#8226; Data and Analytics: enables customers to migrate, clean, prepare, and feed data into their models. Our data platform also unifies data lakes, data warehouses, data governance, and advanced machine learning into a single platform that helps users analyze data using AI models across any cloud. &#8226; Agents: &#9702; Gemini Enterprise: empowers teams to discover, create, share, and run AI agents all in one secure platform, bringing the best of Google AI to employees through an intuitive chat interface, helping to automate workflows and drive smarter business outcomes. &#9702; Gemini for Google Workspace: brings our AI-powered agents into Gmail, Docs, Sheets, and more to help users write, organize, visualize, accelerate workflows, and have more productive meetings. Other Bets Across Alphabet, we are also using technology to try to solve big problems that affect a wide variety of industries, including transportation and health technology. Alphabet&#8217;s investment in the portfolio of Other Bets includes businesses that are at various stages of development, ranging from those in the research and development phase, such as X, our moonshot factory focused on developing breakthrough technologies, to those that are scaling commercialization, such as Waymo, which is expanding to more cities domestically, entering international markets, and further scaling operations. Other Bets operate as independent companies and some of them have their own boards with independent members and outside investors. While these early-stage businesses naturally come with considerable uncertainty, some of them are already generating revenue and making important strides in their industries. Revenues from Other Bets are generated primarily from the sale of autonomous transportation and internet services. Competition Our business is characterized by rapid change as well as new and disruptive technologies. We face formidable competition in every aspect of our business, including but not limited to, from: &#8226; general purpose search engines and information services; &#8226; vertical search engines and e-commerce providers for queries on topics such as those related to travel, jobs, and health, which users may navigate directly to rather than go through Google; &#8226; online advertising platforms and networks, i ncluding online shopping and streaming services; &#8226; other forms of advertising, such as billboards, magazines, newspapers, radio, and television, as our advertisers typically advertise in multiple media, both online and offline; &#8226; digital content and application platform providers; &#8226; providers of enterprise cloud services; &#8226; AI model developers and providers of AI products and services; &#8226; companies that design, manufacture, and market consumer hardware products, including businesses that have developed proprietary platforms; &#8226; providers of digital video services; &#8226; social networks, which users may rely on for product or service referrals, rather than seeking information through traditional search engines; and &#8226; providers of workspace communication and connectivity products. 6. Table of Contents Alphabet Inc. Competing successfully depends heavily on our ability to continually develop and distribute innovative products and technologies to the marketplace across our businesses. For example, for advertising, competing successfully depends on attracting and retaining: &#8226; users, for whom other products and services are literally one click away, on the basis of the relevance of our advertising, as well as the general usefulness, security, and availability of our products and services; &#8226; advertisers, primarily based on our ability to generate sales leads, and ultimately customers, and to deliver their advertisements in an efficient and effective manner across a variety of distribution channels even as trends in advertising mediums and user preferences change; and &#8226; content providers, primarily based on the quality of our advertiser base, our ability to help these partners generate revenues from advertising, and the terms of our agreements with them. For additional information about competition, see Item 1A Risk Factors of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Culture and Workforce Our people are critical for our continued success, so we work hard to create an environment where employees can have fulfilling careers and perform at a high level. We offer industry-leading benefits and programs to take care of the diverse needs of our employees and their families, including opportunities for career growth and development, resources to support their financial health, and access to excellent healthcare choices. Our competitive compensation programs help us to attract and retain key talent, and we will continue to invest in recruiting talented people to technical and non-technical roles and rewarding them well. We provide a variety of high-quality training and support to managers to build and strengthen their capabilities &#8212; ranging from courses for new managers, to learning resources that help them provide feedback and manage performance, to coaching and individual support. As of December 31, 2025, Alphabet had 190,820 employees. We have work councils and statutory employee representation obligations in certain countries, and we are committed to supporting protected labor rights, maintaining an open culture, and listening to our employees. When appropriate we partner with outside companies on a contractual basis to provide a specialized service or to temporarily cover a short-term need. The employees of our suppliers and staffing partners &#8212; vendors and temporary staff, respectively &#8212; and independent contractors who are self-employed, make up our extended workforce. We choose our partners and staffing agencies carefully, and review their compliance with Google&#8217;s Supplier Code of Conduct. Government Regulation We are subject to numerous United States (US) federal, state, and local, as well as foreign laws, and regulations covering a wide variety of subjects, and the scope of this coverage continues to broaden with continuing new legal and regulatory developments in the US and internationally. Like other companies in the technology industry, we face increasingly heightened scrutiny from both US and foreign governments with respect to our compliance with laws and regulations. Many of these laws and regulations are evolving and their applicability and scope, as interpreted by the courts, remain uncertain. Particularly with regard to AI; competition; consumer protection; content moderation, including access restrictions for minors; data privacy and security; intellectual property; news publications; and sustainability and other social matters, we have seen an increase in new and evolving laws and regulations, as well as related enforcement actions and investigations, being proposed and implemented in recent years by legislative and regulatory bodies around the world. As we have seen in recent years, different laws and regulations on the same topic may not always have the same requirements (and sometimes may seem to have conflicting requirements), and even when requirements overlap, the rules are not always consistently implemented, interpreted, and enforced from jurisdiction to jurisdiction. Our compliance with these laws and regulations may be onerous and could, individually or in the aggregate, increase our cost of doing business, make our products and services less useful, limit our ability to pursue certain business practices or offer certain products and services (either in certain geographies or at all), cause us to change our business models and operations, affect our competitive position relative to our peers, or otherwise harm our business, reputation, financial condition, and operating results. F or additional information about government regulation applicable to our business, see Item 1A Risk Factors; Trends in Our Business and Financial Effect in Part II, Item 7; and Legal Matters in Note 10 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part II, Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 7. Table of Contents Alphabet Inc. Intellectual Property We rely on intellectual property such as trademarks, copyrights, patents, and trade secrets, as well as confidentiality procedures and contractual provisions, to protect our proprietary technology and our brand. We have registered, and applied for the registration of, US and international trademarks, service marks, domain names, and copyrights. We have also filed patent applications in the US and foreign countries covering certain of our technology, and acquired patent assets to supplement our portfolio. We have licensed in the past, and expect that we may license in the future, certain of our rights to other parties. For additional information, see Item 1A Risk Factors of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Available Information Our website is located at www.abc.xyz, and our investor relations website is located at www.abc.xyz/investor. Access to our Annual Reports on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K, and our Proxy Statements, and any amendments to these reports, is available on our investor relations website, free of charge, after we file or furnish them with the SEC and they are available on the SEC's website at www.sec.gov. We webcast our earnings calls, as well as certain events we participate in or host with members of the investment community, via our investor relations YouTube channel and website. Our investor relations website also provides notifications of news or announcements regarding our financial performance and other items that may be material or of interest to our investors, including SEC filings, investor events, press and earnings releases, and blogs. We also share Google news and product updates on Google's Keyword blog at https://www.blog.google/ and News From Google page on X at x.com/NewsFromGoogle, and our executive officers may also use certain social media channels, such as X and LinkedIn, to communicate information about earnings results and company updates, which may be of interest or material to our investors. Further, corporate governance information, including our certificate of incorporation, bylaws, corporate governance guidelines, board committee charters, and code of conduct, is also available on our investor relations website under the heading "Governance." The information contained on, or that may be accessed through our websites or our executive officers' social media channels, is not incorporated by reference into this Annual Report on Form 10-K or in any other report or document we file with the SEC, and any references to our websites are intended to be inactive textual references only. 8. Table of Contents Alphabet Inc. ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS Our operations and financial results are subject to various risks and uncertainties, including but not limited to those described below, which could harm our business, reputation, financial condition, and operating results, and may affect the trading price and price volatility of our Class A and Class C stock. Risks Specific to our Company We generate a significant portion of our revenues from advertising. Reduced spending by advertisers, a loss of partners, shifts in online advertising, new and evolving advertising formats, or new or existing technologies that block ads online or affect our ability to personalize ads could harm our business. We generated more than 70% of total revenues from online advertising in 2025. Many of our advertisers, companies that distribute our products and services, digital publishers, and content providers can terminate their contracts with us at any time. These partners may not continue to do business with us if we do not create more value (such as increased numbers of users or customers, new sales leads, increased brand awareness, or more effective monetization) than their available alternatives. We believe AI is quickly reshaping the advertising industry, including how ads are delivered online, and we and our competitors are constantly adjusting to meet this shift and provide new and evolving advertising formats. There is no assurance that we will adapt effectively and competitively to meet this shift, and that such advertising formats, strategies, and offerings will be successful. Changes to our advertising policies and data privacy practices, as well as changes to other companies' advertising or data privacy practices have in the past, and may in the future, affect the advertising services that we are able to provide. In addition, technologies have been developed that make personalized ads more difficult, or that block the display of ads altogether, and some providers of online services have integrated technologies that could impair the availability and functionality of third-party digital advertising. Failing to provide superior value or deliver advertisements effectively and competitively could harm our business, reputation, financial condition, and operating results. Expenditures by advertisers tend to correlate with overall economic conditions. Adverse macroeconomic conditions have affected, and may in the future affect, the demand for advertising, resulting in fluctuations in the amounts our advertisers spend on advertising, which could harm our financial condition and operating results. Our increasing investment in new businesses, products, services, and technologies is inherently risky, and could divert management attention and harm our business, financial condition, and operating results. We have invested and expect to expand our investment in new businesses, products, services, and technologies in a wide range of industries beyond online advertising. The investments that we are making across our businesses &#8212; such as building AI-optimized infrastructure, including our custom TPUs, and integrating AI capabilities into new and existing products and services &#8212; reflect our ongoing efforts to innovate and provide products and services that are helpful to users, advertisers, publishers, customers, content providers, and distribution partners. Our investments ultimately may not be commercially viable or may not result in an adequate return of capital and, in pursuing new strategies, we may incur unanticipated liabilities. To meet the compute capacity demands of AI training and inference, as well as traditional cloud computing services, we are entering into significant leasing arrangements with third party operators, which may increase costs and operational complexity. We also have a number of large, long-duration commercial agreements, which could increase our liabilities and obligations in the event of nonperformance by us, our counterparties, or vendors. In such nonperformance or an industry downturn, we may incur additional liabilities, have excess capacity that we cannot easily redeploy, and not receive payments from our counterparties or customers. We have invested and expect to significantly expand our investment in property and equipment, including our technical infrastructure, and we expect these assets to benefit our business over their estimated useful lives. Changes in facts and circumstances such as changes to historical asset performance, expected technology advancements, and future network deployment plans could change the period over which we expect to benefit from the asset and impact our financial condition and operating results. Innovations in our products and services could also result in changes to user and customer behavior and affect our revenue trends. These endeavors involve significant risks and uncertainties, including diversion of resources and management attention from current operations, different monetization models, and the use of alternative investment, governance, or compensation structures that may fail to adequately align incentives across the company or otherwise accomplish their objectives. 9. Table of Contents Alphabet Inc. Within Google Services, we continue to invest heavily in devices, including our smartphones, home devices, and wearables, which is a highly competitive market with frequent introduction of new products and services, rapid adoption of technological advancements by competitors, increased market saturation in developed countries, short product life cycles, evolving industry standards, continual improvement in performance characteristics, and price and feature sensitivity on the part of consumers and businesses. There can be no assurance we will be able to provide devices that compete effectively. Within Google Cloud, we devote significant resources to develop and deploy our enterprise-ready cloud services, including Google Cloud Platform and Google Workspace, and we are advancing our AI platforms and models to support these tools and technologies, including the development of our custom TPUs and how we deliver them to our customers. We are incurring significant and increasing costs and new liabilities, including contingent liabilities, to build and maintain infrastructure to support cloud computing services, invest in cybersecurity, and hire talent. Meanwhile, our competitors are rapidly developing and deploying cloud-based services and capacity. Pricing and delivery models, which are subject to increasing regulatory scrutiny and requirements, are competitive and constantly evolving, and we may therefore not achieve our business objectives. Further, our business with financial services, healthcare, and public sector customers may present additional risks, including regulatory compliance risks. For instance, we may be subject to government audits and cost reviews, and any failure to comply or any deficiencies found may expose us to legal, financial, and reputational risks. Evolving laws and regulations may require us to make new capital investments, build new products, and seek partners to deliver localized services in other countries, and we may not be able to meet sovereign operating requirements. Within Other Bets, we are investing significantly in areas such as life sciences and transportation, among others. These investment areas face intense competition from large, experienced, and well-funded competitors, and our offerings, many of which involve the development of new and emerging technologies, may not be successful, or be able to compete effectively or operate at sufficient levels of profitability. In addition, new and evolving products and services, including those that use AI, raise ethical, technological, legal, regulatory, and other challenges, which could harm our brands and demand for our products and services. Because all of these investment areas are inherently risky, no assurance can be given that such strategies and offerings will be successful or will not harm our reputation, financial condition, and operating results. We face intense competition. If we do not continue to innovate and provide products and services that are useful to users, customers, and other partners, we may not remain competitive, which could harm our business, financial condition, and operating results. Our business environment is rapidly evolving and intensely competitive. Our businesses face changing technologies, shifting user needs, and frequent introductions of rival products and services. To compete successfully, we must accurately anticipate technology developments and deliver innovative, relevant, and useful products, services, and technologies in a timely manner. For example, with the rise of AI in recent years, we have increasingly focused our investments in building powerful AI tools and AI enhancements to our existing products and services to better cater to our users, customers, and other partners. As our businesses evolve, the competitive pressure to innovate will encompass a wider range of products and services. We must continue to invest significant resources in technical infrastructure, including the development of our custom TPUs, and research and development, including through acquisitions, in order to enhance our technology, products, and services. We have many competitors in different industries. Our current and potential domestic and international competitors range from large and established companies to emerging start-ups. Some competitors have longer operating histories and well-established relationships in various sectors. They can use their experience and resources in ways that could affect our competitive position, including by making acquisitions and entering into other strategic arrangements; continuing to invest heavily in technical infrastructure, research and development, and in talent; initiating intellectual property and competition claims (whether or not meritorious); and continuing to compete for users, advertisers, customers, and content providers. Further, discrepancies in enforcement of existing laws may enable our lesser known competitors to aggressively interpret those laws without commensurate scrutiny, thereby affording them competitive advantages. Our competitors may also be able to innovate and provide products and services faster or more cost effectively than we can or may foresee the need for products and services before we do. We are developing frontier generative AI models and building AI capabilities into products and services across the company, tailoring them to the evolving preferences of our users and customers. AI technology and services are highly competitive, rapidly evolving, and require significant investment, including technical infrastructure, development, and operational costs. Our ability to deploy certain AI technologies critical for our products and services and for our business strategy may depend on the availability and pricing of third-party equipment and other technical infrastructure operations costs, including network capacity, energy, and equipment costs. Additionally, other companies may develop 10. Table of Contents Alphabet Inc. AI products and technologies that are similar or superior to our technologies or more cost-effective to develop or deploy. Other companies may also have (or in the future may obtain) patents or other proprietary rights that would prevent, limit, or interfere with our ability to make, use, or sell our own AI products and services. Our financial condition and operating results may also suffer if our products and services are not responsive in a timely manner to the evolving needs and desires of our users, advertisers, publishers, customers, and content providers, or if we miscalculate those needs and desires and invest significantly in areas that fail to gain sufficient market traction. As new and existing technologies continue to develop, competitors and new entrants may be able to offer experiences that are, or that are perceived to be, substantially similar to or better than ours, and the consumers may change how they obtain information online, potentially reducing the utility of our existing products and services. These technologies could reduce usage of our products and services, and force us to compete in different ways and expend significant resources to develop and operate equal or better products and services. Competitors' success in providing compelling products and services or in attracting and retaining users, advertisers, publishers, customers, and content providers could harm our financial condition and operating results. Our revenue growth rate could decline over time, and we may experience downward pressure on our operating margin in the future. Our revenue growth rate could decline over time as a result of a number of factors, including changes in customer usage and demand for our existing products and increasing demand for competing technologies; changes in the devices and modalities used to access our products and services; changes in geographic mix; deceleration or declines in advertiser spending; competition; decreases in the pricing of our products and services; ongoing product and policy changes; and shifts to lower priced products and services. We may experience downward pressure on our operating margin resulting from a variety of factors. These include increasing costs for many aspects of our business resulting from a higher level of investment in technical infrastructure, increasing regulations, and increasing competition. Certain of our costs and expenses are relatively fixed and may not correlate to changes in revenue, and we may also not be able to continue to drive efficiencies at the rate we have in the past. We may also face margin compression from an increase in the mix of lower-margin products and services, in particular from the continued expansion of our business into new fields, including products and services such as Google Cloud, our devices, and consumer subscription products, as well as significant investments in Other Bets. For instance, margins on our devices have had, and may continue to have, an adverse effect on our consolidated margins due to pricing pressures and higher cost of sales. Due to these factors and the evolving nature of our business, our historical revenue growth rate and historical operating margin may not be indicative of our future performance. For additional information, see Trends in Our Business and Financial Effect and Revenues and Monetization Metrics in Part II, Item 7 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Our intellectual property rights are valuable, and any inability to protect them could reduce the value of our products, services, and brands as well as affect our ability to compete. Our patents, trademarks, trade secrets, copyrights, and other intellectual property rights are important assets for us. Various events outside of our control pose a threat to our intellectual property rights, as well as to our products, services, and technologies. For example, effective intellectual property protection may not be available in every country in which our products and services are distributed or made available through the Internet. Also, the efforts we have taken and may take in the future to protect our proprietary rights, including obtaining copyright and patent protections for our important innovations, including AI innovations, may not be sufficient or effective. There is also the possibility that an issued patent may be deemed invalid or unenforceable. We also seek to maintain certain intellectual property as trade secrets. The confidentiality of such trade secrets and other sensitive information could be compromised, which could cause us to lose the competitive advantage resulting from these trade secrets. We also face risks associated with our trademarks. For example, there is a risk that the word "Google" could become so commonly used that it becomes synonymous with the word "search." Some courts have ruled that "Google" is a protectable trademark, but it is possible that other courts, particularly those outside of the US, may reach a different determination. If this happens, we could lose protection for this trademark. Any significant impairment of our intellectual property rights could harm our business and ability to compete. Protecting our intellectual property rights is costly and time consuming; any increase in unauthorized use could make it more expensive to do business and harm our financial condition and operating results. Our business depends on strong brands, and failing to maintain and enhance our brands would hurt our ability to expand our base of users, advertisers, customers, content providers, and other partners. Our strong brands have significantly contributed to the success of our business. Maintaining and enhancing the brands within Google Services, Google Cloud, and Other Bets increases our ability to enter new categories and launch 11. Table of Contents Alphabet Inc. new and innovative products and services that better serve the needs of our users, advertisers, customers, content providers, and other partners. Our brands have been, and may in the future be, harmed by a number of factors, including, among others, reputational issues, third-party content shared on our platforms, data privacy and security issues and developments, issues in delivering age-appropriate experiences to minors, and product or technical performance failures. For example, if we fail to respond appropriately to the sharing of misinformation or objectionable content on our services or products or objectionable practices by advertisers, or otherwise to adequately address user concerns, our users may lose confidence in our brands. Furthermore, failure to maintain and enhance our brands could harm our business, reputation, financial condition, and operating results. Our success will depend largely on our ability to remain a technology leader and continue to provide high-quality, trustworthy, innovative products and services that are truly useful and play a valuable role in a range of settings. We face a number of manufacturing and supply chain risks that could affect our ability to supply our products and services and harm our business, financial condition, and operating results. We rely on contract manufacturers to manufacture or assemble our devices as well as servers and networking equipment used in our technical infrastructure, certain components of which we may supply. We also rely on third parties to supply components and distribute our products and services. Our business could be harmed if we are not able to engage these companies with the necessary capabilities or capacity on reasonable terms, or if those we engage fail to meet their obligations (whether due to financial difficulties or other reasons), or make adverse changes in the pricing or other material terms of our arrangements with them. We have experienced and may in the future experience supply shortages, price increases, quality issues, or longer lead times that could harm our operations, driven by raw material or component availability, manufacturing capacity, labor shortages, industry allocations, logistics capacity, inflation, foreign currency exchange rates, tariffs, sanctions and export controls, trade disputes and barriers, forced labor concerns, sourcing requirements, geopolitical tensions, armed conflicts, natural disasters or pandemics, the effects of climate change, power and transmission availability, and significant changes in the financial or business condition of our suppliers. Some of the components we use in our technical infrastructure and our devices are available from only one or limited sources, and we may not be able to find replacement vendors on favorable terms in the event of a supply chain disruption. A significant supply interruption that affects us or our vendors could delay critical data center or network infrastructure upgrades or expansions and delay consumer product availability. Our ability to scale our technical infrastructure is increasingly constrained by the availability of power, water, and land. For example, energy supply is constrained globally due to the significant increase in demand for and limited availability of energy to power AI compute. Securing this capacity involves entering into complex, long-lead-time arrangements. Additionally, manufacturing and supply of servers and network equipment for our technical infrastructure, particularly for specialized AI chips, is limited to a small number of qualified suppliers. Extended or unforeseen disruptions at these suppliers could impact our ability to meet customer demand. Failure to secure sufficient capacity in a timely manner would limit our ability to train models and serve Cloud customers. We may enter into long-term contracts for materials and products that commit us to significant terms and conditions. We may face costs for materials and products that are not consumed due to market demand, technological change, excess or obsolete inventory, changed consumer preferences, quality, product recalls, and warranty issues. Certain of our competitors may negotiate more favorable contractual terms based on volume and other commitments that may provide them with competitive advantages and may affect our supply. For example, industry supply capacity for AI accelerators, including GPUs as well as our custom-built TPUs, is highly competitive and rapidly evolving. If we are unable to negotiate favorable contractual terms or our competitors claim the supply or capacity first, we may face increased costs and supply constraints, which could harm our business, financial condition, and operating results. Our devices have had, and in the future may have, quality issues resulting from design, manufacturing, or operations. Sometimes, these issues may be caused by components we purchase from other manufacturers or suppliers. In addition, quality issues with equipment used in our technical infrastructure could constrain our capacity to support the delivery and continued development of our products and services. If the quality of our products and services does not meet expectations, we lack the capacity to deliver them, or our products or services are defective or require a corrective action or recall, it could harm our business, reputation, financial condition, and operating results. We require our suppliers and business partners to comply with laws and, where applicable, our company policies and practices, such as the Google Supplier Code of Conduct, regarding workplace and employment practices, data security, environmental compliance, and intellectual property licensing, but we do not control them or their practices. Violations of law or unethical business practices could result in supply chain disruptions, canceled orders, harm to key relationships, and damage to our reputation. Their failure to procure necessary license rights to intellectual property could affect our ability to sell our products or services and expose us to litigation or financial claims. 12. Table of Contents Alphabet Inc. Interruption to, interference with, or failure of our complex information technology and communications systems could hurt our ability to effectively provide our products and services, which could harm our reputation, financial condition, and operating results. The availability of our products and services and fulfillment of our customer contracts depend on the continuing operation of our information technology and communications systems. Our systems are vulnerable to damage, interference, or interruption from modifications or upgrades, terrorist attacks, state-sponsored attacks, natural disasters or pandemics, geopolitical tensions or armed conflicts, export controls and sanctions, tariffs and non-tariff trade barriers, the effects of climate change, power and transmission availability challenges, utility outages, telecommunications failures, computer viruses, software bugs, cyber attacks, supply-chain attacks, computer denial of service attacks, phishing schemes, or other attempts to harm or access our systems. Some of our data centers are located in areas with a high risk of major earthquakes or other natural disasters. Our data centers are also subject to break-ins, sabotage, and intentional acts of vandalism, and, in some cases, to potential disruptions resulting from problems experienced by facility operators or disruptions as a result of geopolitical tensions and conflicts happening in the area. Some of our systems are not fully redundant, and disaster recovery planning cannot account for all eventualities. The occurrence of a natural disaster or pandemic, closure of a facility, or other unanticipated problems affecting our data centers could result in lengthy interruptions in our service. In addition, our products and services are highly technical and complex and have contained in the past, and may contain in the future, errors or vulnerabilities, which could result in interruptions in or failure of our services or systems. Any of these incidents could impede or prevent us from effectively offering products and providing services, which could harm our business, reputation, financial condition, and operating results. Our international operations expose us to additional risks that could harm our business, reputation, financial condition, and operating results. Our international operations are significant to our revenues and net income, and we plan to continue growing internationally. International revenues accounted for approximately 52% of consolidated revenues in 2025. In addition to risks described elsewhere in this section, our international operations expose us to other risks, including: &#8226; restrictions on foreign ownership and investments, and stringent foreign exchange controls that might prevent us from repatriating cash earned in countries outside the US; &#8226; sanctions, tariffs, import and export controls, other market access barriers, political unrest, geopolitical tensions, changes in regimes, or armed conflict (such as ongoing conflicts in the Middle East and Ukraine), any of which may affect our business continuity, increase our operating costs, limit demand for our products and services, limit our ability to source components or final products, or prevent or impede us from operating in certain jurisdictions, complying with local laws, or offering products or services; &#8226; longer payment cycles in some countries, increased credit risk, and higher levels of payment fraud; &#8226; an evolving foreign policy landscape that could harm our revenues and could subject us to litigation, new regulatory costs and challenges (including new customer requirements), uncertainty regarding regulatory outcomes, and other liabilities under local laws that may not offer due process or clear legal precedent; &#8226; anti-corruption laws, such as the US Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, and other local laws prohibiting certain payments to government officials, violations of which could result in civil and criminal penalties; and &#8226; different employee/employer relationships; different labor laws, regulations, and labor practices; and other challenges caused by distance, language, local expertise, and cultural differences, increasing the complexity of doing business in multiple jurisdictions. Because we conduct business in currencies other than US dollars but report our financial results in US dollars, we have faced, and will continue to face, exposure to fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates. Although we hedge a portion of our international currency exposure, significant fluctuations in exchange rates between the US dollar and foreign currencies have and may in the future adversely affect our revenues and earnings. Hedging programs are also inherently risky and could expose us to additional risks that could harm our financial condition and operating results. Disruptions in our ability to access future financing or manage our indebtedness could adversely affect our ability to execute our strategy and harm our financial condition. We may from time to time access capital markets for debt or seek to enter into other forms of financing, such as leases. Any difficulty in accessing capital markets, entering into other forms of financing on favorable terms, or managing our existing indebtedness could increase our costs of financing and restrict our ability to invest in our business. Furthermore, the combination of our current and any future indebtedness, including obligations arising under 13. Table of Contents Alphabet Inc. leases, backstops, guarantees, and potential liabilities from large commercial agreements, could harm our financial condition and reduce our financial and business flexibility. We are exposed to fluctuations in the fair values of our investments and, in some instances, our financial statements incorporate inherently subjective valuation methodologies. The fair value of our debt and equity investments may in the future be, and certain investments have been in the past, negatively affected by liquidity, credit deterioration or losses, performance and financial results of the underlying entities, foreign exchange rates, changes in interest rates, the effect of new or changing regulations, the stock market in general, or other factors. As a result of these factors, the value of our investments could significantly decline, which could harm our financial condition and operating results. We measure certain of our non-marketable equity and debt securities, and certain other instruments including stock-based compensation (SBC) awards of Other Bet companies, at fair value on a nonrecurring basis, which is inherently subjective and requires management judgment and estimation. Gains and losses on non-marketable equity securities are recognized in other income (expense), net (OI&amp;E), which increases the volatility of our OI&amp;E. The unrealized gains and losses or impairments we record from fair value remeasurements in any particular period may differ significantly from the gains and losses we ultimately realize on such investments. Changes in fair value on SBC awards are recognized primarily through operating expenses. Risks Related to our Industry Issues in the development and use of AI may result in reputational harm and increased liability exposure. Our evolving AI-enabled products and services may give rise to risks related to harmful content, inaccuracies, discrimination, intellectual property infringement or misappropriation, violation of rights of publicity, defamation, data privacy, cybersecurity, minor protection, and other issues. As a result of these and other challenges associated with innovative technologies, our implementation of AI systems could subject us to competitive harm, regulatory action, legal liability (including under new and proposed legislation and regulations), new applications of existing data protection, privacy, intellectual property, and other laws, and brand or reputational harm. Some uses of AI will present ethical issues and may have broad effects on society. In order to implement AI responsibly and minimize unintended harmful effects, we have already devoted and will continue to invest significant resources to develop, test, and maintain our products and services, but we may not be able to identify or resolve all AI-related issues, deficiencies, and failures before they arise. Unintended consequences, uses, or customization of our AI tools and systems may negatively affect human rights, privacy, employment, or other social concerns, which may result in claims, lawsuits, brand or reputational harm, and increased regulatory scrutiny, any of which could harm our business, financial condition, and operating results. People access our products and services through a variety of platforms and devices that continue to evolve with the advancement of technology and user preferences. If manufacturers and users do not widely adopt versions of our products and services developed for these interfaces, our business could be harmed. While the modalities used to access information is evolving, people access our products and services through a growing variety of devices such as phones, laptops and tablets, video game consoles, voice-activated speakers, wearables (including virtual reality and augmented reality devices), automobiles, and television-streaming devices. Our products and services may be less popular on some interfaces. Each manufacturer or distributor may establish unique technical standards for its devices, and our products and services may not be available or may only be available with limited functionality for our users or our advertisers on these devices as a result. Some manufacturers may also elect not to include our products on their devices. It is hard to predict the challenges we may encounter in adapting our products and services and developing competitive new products and services. We expect to continue to devote significant resources to creating and supporting products and services across multiple platforms and devices. Failing to attract and retain a substantial number of device manufacturers, suppliers, distributors, developers, and users, or failing to develop products and technologies that work well on new devices and platforms, could harm our business, financial condition, and operating results and ability to capture future business opportunities. Problematic content on our platforms, including low-quality user-generated content, web spam, content farms, and other violations of our guidelines could affect the quality of our services, which could harm our reputation and deter our current and potential users from using our products and services. We, like others in the industry, face violations of our content guidelines across our platforms, including sophisticated attempts by bad actors to manipulate our hosting and advertising systems to fraudulently generate revenues, or to otherwise generate traffic that does not represent genuine user interest or intent. While we invest 14. Table of Contents Alphabet Inc. significantly in efforts to promote high-quality and relevant results and to detect and prevent low-quality content and invalid traffic, we have been unable and may continue to be unable to detect and prevent all such abuses or promote uniformly high-quality content. Increased use of AI in our offerings and internal systems may create new instances of problematic content and increased potential for misuse and abuse. Many websites violate or attempt to violate our guidelines, including by seeking to inappropriately rank higher in search results than our search engine's assessment of their relevance and utility would rank them. Such efforts have affected, and may continue to affect, the quality of content on our platforms and lead them to display false, misleading, or undesirable content. Although English-language web spam in our search results has been reduced, and web spam in most other languages is limited, we expect web spammers will continue to seek inappropriate ways to improve their rankings. Although we continue to invest in and deploy proprietary technology to detect and prevent web spam on our platforms and to evolve our policies to address emerging threats, there is no guarantee that our technology and policy enforcement will always be successful, and our users may have negative experiences that make them less likely to use our platforms. We face legal and regulatory challenges to our efforts to address low-quality content, and our ability to address it may be constrained or made more costly through added compliance requirements. We also face other challenges to the quality of our search results from low-quality and irrelevant content websites, including content farms, which are websites that generate large quantities of low-quality content in an effort to improve their search rankings. We are continually launching algorithmic changes designed to detect and prevent these efforts, but we may not always be successful. We also face other challenges on our platforms, including attempted election interference; fraud, content inappropriate for minors, misleading or deceptive information, and other types of potentially harmful content. If we fail to either detect and prevent an increase in problematic content or effectively promote high-quality content, it could hurt our reputation for delivering relevant information or reduce use of our platforms, harming our financial condition and operating results. It may also subject us to litigation and regulatory actions, which could result in monetary penalties and damages and divert management's time and attention. Data privacy and security concerns relating to our technology and our practices could harm our reputation, cause us to incur significant liability, and deter current and potential users or customers from using our products and services. Computer viruses, software bugs or defects, security breaches, and attacks on our systems could result in the improper disclosure and use of user data and interference with our users' and customers' ability to use our products and services, harming our business and reputation. Concerns about, including the adequacy of, our practices with regard to the collection, use, governance, disclosure, or security of personal data or other data-privacy-related matters, even if unfounded, could harm our business, reputation, financial condition, and operating results. Our policies and practices may change over time as expectations and regulations regarding privacy and data change. Our products and services involve the storage, handling, and transmission of proprietary and other sensitive information. Malicious software such as viruses, software bugs, theft, misuse, defects, vulnerabilities in our products and services, as well as cyber attacks, phishing schemes, and other types of security attacks, which increasingly use AI, expose us to a risk of loss or improper use and disclosure of such information, which could result in litigation and other potential liabilities, including regulatory fines and penalties, as well as reputational harm. Additionally, our products incorporate highly technical and complex technologies, and thus our technologies and software have contained, and are likely in the future to contain, undetected errors, bugs, or vulnerabilities. We continue to add new features involving AI to our offerings and internal systems, and features that rely on AI may be susceptible to unanticipated security threats as our and the market's understanding of AI-centric security risks and protection methods continue to develop. We have in the past discovered, and may in the future discover, some errors in our software code only after we have released the code. Systems and control failures, security breaches, failure to comply with our privacy policies, and inadvertent disclosure of user data could result in regulatory and legal exposure, seriously harm our reputation, brand, and business, and impair our ability to attract and retain users or customers. Such incidents have occurred in the past and may continue to occur due to the scale and nature of our products and services. While there is no guarantee that such incidents will not cause significant damage, we expect to continue to expend significant resources to maintain security protections that limit the effect of bugs, theft, misuse, and security vulnerabilities or breaches. We experience cyber attacks and other attempts to gain unauthorized access to our systems on a regular basis. Cyber attacks continue to evolve in sophistication and volume, and inherently may be difficult to detect for long periods of time. The development and implementation of AI technologies may further increase our exposure to or exacerbate the risks of cyber attacks or other security incidents, particularly where such technologies are exploited by third parties to breach our or other parties' systems, including when such technologies are used to target our employees or impersonate members of senior management in order to gain unauthorized access to our systems. We have also seen, and will continue to see, industry-wide software supply chain vulnerabilities and attacks on telecommunications 15. Table of Contents Alphabet Inc. and other critical infrastructure, which could affect our or other parties' systems. We expect to continue to experience such incidents or vulnerabilities in the future. Our efforts to prevent security incidents and address undesirable activity on our platform may require us to spend additional resources to prepare and defend against such threats, and could also increase the risk of retaliatory attack. In addition, we face the risk of cyber attacks and data exfiltration or compromise by nation-states and state-sponsored actors. These attacks may target us or our customers, particularly our public sector customers (including federal, state, and local governments). Geopolitical tensions or armed conflicts, such as the ongoing conflict in the Middle East and Ukraine, may increase these risks. We may experience security and privacy issues, whether due to employee or insider error or malfeasance, system errors, or vulnerabilities in our or other parties' systems. While we may not determine some of these issues to be material when they occur and may remedy them quickly, there is no guarantee that these issues will not ultimately result in significant legal, financial, and reputational harm, including government inquiries, enforcement actions, litigation, and negative publicity. There is also no guarantee that a series of related issues may not be determined to be material at a later date in the aggregate, even if they may not be material individually at the time of their occurrence. Because the techniques used to obtain unauthorized access to, disable, or degrade service provided by or otherwise sabotage systems change frequently and often are recognized only after being launched against a target, even taking all reasonable precautions, including those required by law, we have been unable in the past and may continue to be unable to anticipate or detect certain attacks or vulnerabilities or implement adequate preventative measures. Further, if any partners with whom we share user or other customer information fail to implement adequate data-security practices, fail to comply with our terms and policies, or otherwise suffer a network or other security breach, our users' data may be improperly accessed, used, or disclosed. If an actual or perceived breach of our or our business partners' or service providers' security occurs, the market perception of the effectiveness of our security measures would be harmed, we could lose users and customers, our trade secrets or those of our business partners may be compromised, and we may be exposed to significant legal and financial risks, including legal claims (which may include class-action litigation) and regulatory actions, fines, and penalties. Any of the foregoing consequences could harm our business, reputation, financial condition, and operating results. While we have dedicated significant resources to privacy and security incident response capabilities, including dedicated worldwide incident response teams, our response process, particularly during times of a natural disaster or pandemic, may not be adequate, may fail to accurately assess the severity of an incident, may not be fast enough to prevent or limit harm, or may fail to sufficiently remediate an incident. As a result, we may suffer significant legal, reputational, or financial exposure, which could harm our business, financial condition, and operating results. For additional information, see also our risk factor on privacy and data protection regulations under 'Risks Related to Laws, Regulations, and Policies' below. Our ongoing investments in safety, security, and content review will likely continue to identify abuse of our platforms and misuse of user data. In addition to our efforts to prevent and mitigate cyber attacks, we are making significant investments in safety, security, and review efforts to combat misuse of our services and unauthorized access to user data by third parties, including investigation and review of platform applications that could access the information of users of our services. As a result of these efforts, we have in the past discovered, and may in the future discover, incidents of unnecessary access to or misuse of user data or other undesirable activity by third parties. However, we may not have discovered, and may in the future not discover, all such incidents or activity, whether as a result of our data limitations, including our lack of visibility over our encrypted services, the scale of activity on our platform, or other factors, including factors outside of our control such as a natural disaster or pandemic, and we may learn of such incidents or activity via third parties. Such incidents and activities may include the use of user data or our systems in a manner inconsistent with our terms, contracts, or policies, the existence of false or undesirable user accounts, election interference, improper ad purchases, activities that threaten people's safety on- or off-line, or instances of spamming, scraping, or spreading disinformation. While we may not determine some of these incidents to be material at the time they occurred and we may remedy them quickly, there is no guarantee that these issues will not ultimately result in significant legal, financial, and reputational harm, including government inquiries and enforcement actions, litigation, and negative publicity. There is also no guarantee that a series of related issues may not be determined to be material at a later date in the aggregate, even if they may not be material individually at the time of their occurrence. We may also be unsuccessful in our efforts to enforce our policies or otherwise prevent or remediate any such incidents. Any of the foregoing developments may negatively affect user trust and engagement, harm our reputation and brands, require us to change our business practices in ways that harm our business operations, and adversely affect our business and financial results. Any such developments may also subject us to additional litigation and 16. Table of Contents Alphabet Inc. regulatory inquiries, which could result in monetary penalties and damages, divert management's time and attention, and lead to enhanced regulatory oversight. Our business depends on continued and unimpeded access to the Internet by us and our users. Internet access providers may be able to restrict, block, degrade, or charge for access to certain of our products and services, which could lead to additional expenses and the loss of users and advertisers. Our products and services depend on the ability of our users to access the Internet, and certain of our products require significant network capacity to work effectively. Currently, this access is provided by companies that have significant market power in the broadband and internet access marketplace, including incumbent telephone companies, cable companies, mobile communications companies, and government-owned service providers. Some of these providers have taken, or have stated that they may take, measures that could degrade, disrupt, or increase the cost of user access to certain of our products by restricting or prohibiting the use of their infrastructure to support or facilitate our offerings, by charging increased fees to us or our users to provide our offerings, or by providing our competitors preferential access. Some jurisdictions have adopted regulations prohibiting certain forms of discrimination by internet access providers; however, substantial uncertainty exists in the US and elsewhere regarding such protections. In addition, in some jurisdictions, our products and services have been subject to government-initiated restrictions or blockages. These could harm existing key relationships, including with our users, customers, advertisers, and content providers, and impair our ability to attract new ones; harm our reputation; and increase costs, thereby negatively affecting our business. Risks Related to Laws, Regulations, and Policies We are subject to a variety of new, existing, and changing laws and regulations worldwide that could harm our business, and will likely be subject to an even broader scope of laws and regulations as we continue to expand our business. We are subject to numerous US federal and state as well as foreign laws and regulations covering a wide variety of subjects, and our introduction of new businesses, products, services, and technologies will likely continue to subject us to additional laws and regulations. In recent years, governments around the world have proposed and adopted a large number of new laws and regulations relevant to the digital economy, particularly in the areas of data privacy and security, competition, AI, and online content. The costs of compliance with these measures are high and are likely to increase in the future, including as a result of differing, and sometimes conflicting, laws and regulations. New or changing laws and regulations, or interpretations or applications of existing laws and regulations in a manner inconsistent with our interpretations of such laws and regulations or our practices, have resulted in, and may continue to result in, less useful products and services, altered business models and operations, limited ability to pursue certain business practices or offer certain products and services, substantial costs, and civil or criminal liability. Examples include laws and regulations regarding: &#8226; Competition and technology platforms' business practices: Laws and regulations focused on large technology platforms, including the Digital Markets Act in the European Union (EU) and the Act on Promotion of Competition for Specified Smartphone Software in Japan; regulations and legal settlements in the US, South Korea, and elsewhere that affect Google Play's billing policies, fees, and business model; as well as litigation and new and expected regulations in a range of jurisdictions. &#8226; AI: Laws and regulations focused on the development, use, and provision of AI technologies and other digital products and services, which could result in monetary penalties or other regulatory actions. For example, the EU AI Act came into force on August 1, 2024, and will generally become fully applicable after a two-year transitional period (although certain obligations have already taken effect). The EU AI Act introduces various requirements for AI systems and models placed on the market in the EU, including specific transparency, safety, and copyright requirements for general purpose AI systems and the models on which those systems are based. Various countries, including Brazil, India, Japan, South Korea, Singapore, and Vietnam, have also enacted or are considering enacting regulations focused on AI. In the US, an increasing amount of legislative and regulatory activity regarding AI is taking place at the state level. In 2025, state legislatures considered more than 1,000 AI-related bills, including on fundamental model research and development, synthetic media, algorithmic decision-making, and many others, and took a variety of approaches to AI regulation. For instance, in 2025, California and New York passed the Transparency in Frontier Artificial Intelligence Act and the Responsible AI Safety and Education Act, respectively, each of which imposes safety and reporting obligations on developers of frontier models. At the same time, the White House's Executive Order, Removing Barriers to American Leadership in Artificial Intelligence, prioritizes deregulation, while its AI Action Plan emphasizes accelerating American innovation leadership. 17. Table of Contents Alphabet Inc. &#8226; Data privacy, collection, processing, and portability: Laws and regulations further restricting the collection, processing, or sharing of user or advertising-related data, including privacy and data protection laws; laws affecting the processing of children's data (as discussed further below), data breach notification laws; laws limiting data transfers (including data localization laws); laws limiting use of data for AI training; and laws requiring data portability. &#8226; Copyright and other intellectual property: Copyright and related laws, including the EU Directive on Copyright in the Digital Single Market and European Economic Area transpositions, which have introduced new licensing regimes, increase liability with respect to content uploaded by users or linked to from our platforms, or create property rights in news publications that could require payments to news agencies and publishers, which may result in other regulatory actions. The scope of the text and data mining exception is being challenged before courts in the EU, which could harm some aspects of our business. &#8226; Content moderation: Various laws covering content moderation and removal, and related disclosure obligations, such as the EU's Digital Services Act, Florida's Senate Bill 7072 and Texas' House Bill 20, and laws and proposed legislation in Singapore, Australia, and the United Kingdom (UK) that impose penalties for failure to remove certain types of content or require disclosure of information about the operation of our services and algorithms, which may make it harder for services like Google Search and YouTube to detect and limit low-quality, deceptive, or harmful content, or, on the other hand, may impinge on the rights of free expression and access to content. Additionally, new regulations apply to online child safety, including access and content restrictions as well as other limitations for minors, which may also conflict with rights of free expression and access to information. These regulations could result in our having to modify our products and services and monitor minors' experiences on our products and services. &#8226; Consumer protection: Consumer protection laws, including the EU's New Deal for Consumers, which could result in monetary penalties and create a range of new compliance obligations. In addition, the applicability and scope of these and other laws and regulations, as interpreted by courts, regulators, or administrative bodies, remain uncertain and could be interpreted in ways that harm our business. For example, we rely on statutory safe harbors, like those set forth in the Digital Millennium Copyright Act and Section 230 of the Communications Decency Act in the US and the Digital Services Act in Europe, to protect against liability for various linking, caching, ranking, recommending, and hosting activities. Legislation or court rulings affecting these safe harbors may harm us and may impose significant operational challenges. There are legislative proposals and pending litigation in the US, EU, and around the world that could diminish or eliminate safe harbor protection for websites and online platforms. Our development, use, and commercialization of AI products and services (including our implementation of AI in our offerings and internal systems) could subject us to regulatory action and legal liability, including under specific legislation regulating AI, as well as new applications of existing data protection, cybersecurity, privacy, intellectual property, and other laws. Further, we are subject to evolving laws, regulations, policies, and international accords relating to matters beyond our core products and services, including environmental sustainability, climate change, human capital, and employment matters. In response, we have implemented robust programs and initiatives and adopted reporting frameworks and principles that may require considerable investments. For instance, AI's energy and water demands have made efforts to reduce our emissions more complex and challenging across every level. We cannot guarantee that our initiatives will be fully realized on the timelines we expect or at all, and projects that are completed as planned may not achieve the results we anticipate. We are and may continue to be subject to claims, lawsuits, regulatory and government inquiries and investigations, enforcement actions, consent orders, and other forms of regulatory scrutiny and legal liability, including competition matters, that could harm our business, reputation, financial condition, and operating results. We are subject to claims, lawsuits, regulatory and government inquiries and investigations, other proceedings, and orders involving competition, intellectual property, data privacy and security, tax and related compliance, labor and employment, commercial disputes, content generated by our users, goods and services offered by advertisers or publishers using our platforms, design of our products and services, personal injury and other tort and nuisance theories, consumer protection claims, including how we moderate content on our platforms, AI, and other matters. The US Department of Justice (DOJ), various states, and other plaintiffs have filed, and may continue to file in the future, several antitrust lawsuits about aspects of our business, including our advertising technologies and practices, the operation and distribution of Google Search, and the operation and distribution of Android operating system and Play Store. If we are unsuccessful in these lawsuits, we could face significant expenses to implement the remedies, and such costs and alterations could harm our business, reputation, financial condition, and operating results. 18. Table of Contents Alphabet Inc. For example, the DOJ and a number of state Attorneys General filed a lawsuit concerning our Search and Search advertising practices and our compliance with US antitrust laws. In August 2024, the US District Court for the District of Columbia ruled against Google, and in December 2025, entered a final judgment requiring remedies, which, among other things, imposes restrictions on how we distribute our services and requires us to share certain search data with and offer syndication services to certain competitors. In January 2026, we appealed the final judgment and moved to pause implementation of certain remedies. In February 2026, the DOJ and state Attorneys General also appealed. Furthermore, in December 2020, a number of state Attorneys General, led by the Texas Attorney General, filed a lawsuit in the US District Court for the Eastern District of Texas concerning our advertising technology and our compliance with US antitrust laws and other laws. In January 2023, the DOJ and a number of state Attorneys General sued in the Eastern District of Virginia alleging similar antitrust violations relating to our advertising technology. In April 2025, the presiding judge issued a mixed decision in the DOJ case against us, ruling that neither our advertiser tools nor the DoubleClick and AdMeld acquisitions were anticompetitive, but that our publisher tools unfairly excluded rivals. A separate proceeding to determine remedies, the range of which varies widely, took place in September 2025 with the parties presenting differing remedy proposals. The DOJ's remedy proposal includes structural remedies that could harm our business. Closing arguments were held in November 2025, and we are awaiting a final judgment. After that judgment, we plan to appeal the adverse portion of the April 2025 decision and potentially aspects of the remedies decision. A trial in the state Attorneys General case in the Eastern District of Texas will take place after a decision on remedies is issued in the DOJ advertising technology case, and could result in remedies that could harm our business, reputation, financial condition, and operating results. In addition to these regulatory proceedings, private individual and collective actions that overlap with claims pursued by regulators are pending in the US and in several other jurisdictions. Adverse results in these or similar future lawsuits may include awards of monetary damages and remedies that could harm our business, reputation, financial condition, and operating results. Other regulatory agencies in the US and around the world, including competition enforcers, consumer protection agencies, and data protection authorities, have challenged and may continue to challenge our business practices and compliance with laws and regulations. We are cooperating with these investigations and defending litigation or appealing decisions where appropriate. We are also subject to a variety of claims including product warranty, product liability, and consumer protection claims related to product defects, among other litigation, and we may also be subject to claims involving health and safety, hazardous materials usage, other environmental effects, AI training, development, and commercialization, or service disruptions or failures. Claims have been brought, and we expect will continue to be brought, against us for defamation, negligence, breaches of contract, patent, copyright, and trademark infringement, unfair competition, unlawful activity, torts, privacy rights violations, fraud, or other legal theories based on the nature and content of information available on or via our services, the design and effect of our products and services, or due to our involvement in hosting, transmitting, marketing, branding, or providing access to content created by third parties. Various laws, regulations, investigations, enforcement lawsuits, and regulatory actions have involved in the past, and may in the future result in substantial fines and penalties, injunctive relief, ongoing monitoring and auditing obligations, changes to our products and services, alterations to our business models and operations, including divestiture, and collateral related civil litigation or other adverse consequences. Any of these legal proceedings could also result in legal costs, diversion of management resources, and negative publicity, all of which could harm our business, reputation, financial condition, and operating results. Estimating liabilities for our pending proceedings is a complex, fact-specific, and speculative process that requires significant judgment, and the amounts we are ultimately liable for may differ from our estimates. The resolution of one or more such proceedings has resulted in, and may in the future result in, additional substantial fines, penalties, injunctions, and other sanctions that could harm our business, reputation, financial condition, and operating results. For additional information about the ongoing material legal proceedings to which we are subject, see Legal Proceedings in Item 3 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Privacy, data protection, data usage, and portability regulations are complex and rapidly evolving areas. Any failure or alleged failure to comply with these laws could harm our business, reputation, financial condition, and operating results. Authorities around the world have adopted and are considering a number of legislative and regulatory proposals concerning data protection, data usage and portability, and encryption of user data. Additionally, the increasing adoption of AI technologies, which rely on the collection of large amounts of data and use of such data for training purposes, has led data protection authorities around the world to consider and adopt new and evolving interpretations 19. Table of Contents Alphabet Inc. of data protection laws, imposing specific obligations with respect to the processing of personal data, including required notices, consents, and opt-outs. Further, the increased risk of inadvertent disclosure of confidential information or personal data in connection with the utilization of AI technologies may result in stronger regulatory scrutiny, leading to legal and regulatory investigations and enforcement actions that could harm our business, even if unfounded. Adverse legal rulings, legislation, or regulation have resulted in, and may continue to result in, fines and orders requiring that we change our practices, which have had and could continue to have an adverse effect on how we provide services, harming our business, reputation, financial condition, and operating results. These laws and regulations are evolving and subject to interpretation, and compliance obligations could cause us to incur substantial costs or harm the quality and operations of our products and services in ways that harm our business. Examples of these laws include: &#8226; The EU General Data Protection Regulation and the UK General Data Protection Regulations, which apply to all of our activities conducted from an establishment in the EU or the UK, respectively, or related to products and services that we offer to EU or the UK users or customers, respectively, or the monitoring of their behavior in the EU or the UK, respectively. &#8226; Various US federal, US state, and foreign privacy laws related to the processing and security of personal data, including (1) comprehensive privacy laws that provide data privacy rights (including, in California, a private right of action in the event of a data breach resulting from our failure to implement and maintain reasonable security procedures and practices) and impose significant obligations on controllers and processors of consumer data; (2) laws imposing obligations on businesses that collect or disclose biometric information (including, in Colorado, Illinois, Texas, and Washington); (3) laws governing the collection and processing of children and minor's data and how companies provide age-appropriate online experiences (including, in the US, the Children's Online Privacy Protection Act of 1998; the pending Children and Teens' Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA 2.0); similar US state laws related to children's privacy, such as the New York Child Data Protection Act; and the UK's Age-Appropriate Design Code); and (4) laws regulating internet-connected devices (such as, in California, the Internet of Things Security Law). &#8226; The EU's Digital Markets Act, which requires in-scope companies to obtain user consent for combining data across certain products and require search engines to share anonymized data with rival companies, among other changes; and the EU Data Act, which introduces new data portability requirements with respect to connected products (i.e., 'internet of things' products) and related services, as well as interoperability obligations on data processing services. Further, we are subject to evolving laws and regulations that dictate whether, how, and under what circumstances we can transfer, process, or receive personal data, as well as ongoing enforcement actions from supervisory authorities related to cross-border transfers of personal data. The validity of various data transfer mechanisms we currently rely upon remains subject to legal, regulatory, and political developments globally, which may require us to adapt our existing arrangements. We face, and may continue to face, intellectual property infringement or misappropriation, violation of rights of publicity, and other claims that could be costly to defend, result in significant damage awards or other costs (including indemnification awards), and limit our ability to use certain technologies. We, like other internet, technology, and media companies, are frequently subject to litigation based on allegations of infringement or other violations of intellectual property rights, including patent, copyright, trade secrets, and trademarks. Parties have also sought broad injunctive relief against us by filing claims in US and international courts and the US International Trade Commission (ITC) for exclusion and cease-and-desist orders. In addition, patent-holding companies may frequently seek to generate income from patents they have obtained by bringing claims against us. As we continue to expand our business, intellectual property claims against us have increased and may continue to increase as we develop and acquire new products, services, and technologies, including AI technologies. Adverse results in any of these lawsuits may include awards of monetary damages, costly royalty or licensing agreements (if licenses are available at all), or orders limiting our ability to sell our products and services in the US or elsewhere, including by preventing us from offering certain features, functionalities, products, or services in certain jurisdictions. They may also cause us to change our business practices in ways that could result in a loss of revenues for us and otherwise harm our business. Many of our agreements with our customers and partners, including certain suppliers, require us to defend against certain intellectual property infringement claims and in some cases indemnify them for certain intellectual property infringement claims against them, which could result in increased costs for defending such claims or significant damages if there were an adverse ruling in any such claims. Such customers and partners may also discontinue the use of our products, services, and technologies, as a result of injunctions or otherwise, which could 20. Table of Contents Alphabet Inc. result in loss of revenues and harm our business. Moreover, intellectual property indemnities provided to us by our suppliers, when obtainable, may not cover all damages and losses suffered by us and our customers arising from intellectual property infringement claims. Furthermore, in connection with our divestitures, we have agreed, and may in the future agree, to provide indemnification for certain potential liabilities, including those associated with intellectual property claims. Regardless of their merits, intellectual property claims are often time consuming and expensive to litigate or settle. To the extent such claims are successful, they could harm our business, including our product and service offerings, financial condition, and operating results. We could be subject to changes in tax rates, the adoption of new US or international tax legislation, or exposure to additional tax liabilities. We are subject to a variety of taxes and tax collection obligations in the US and numerous foreign jurisdictions. Our effective tax rates are affected by a variety of factors, including changes in the mix of earnings in jurisdictions with different statutory tax rates, net gains and losses on hedges and related transactions under our foreign exchange risk management program, changes in our stock price for shares issued as employee compensation, changes in the valuation of our deferred tax assets or liabilities, and the application of different provisions of tax laws or changes in tax laws, regulations, or accounting principles (including changes in the interpretation of existing laws). Further, if we are unable or fail to collect taxes on behalf of customers, employees, and partners as the withholding agent, we could become liable for taxes that are levied against third parties. We are subject to regular review and audit by both domestic and foreign tax authorities. As a result, we have received, and may in the future receive, assessments in multiple jurisdictions, on various tax-related assertions, such as transfer-pricing adjustments or permanent-establishment claims. Any adverse outcome of such a review or audit could harm our financial condition and operating results, require adverse changes to our business practices, or subject us to additional litigation and regulatory inquiries. In addition, the determination of our worldwide provision for income taxes and other tax liabilities requires significant judgment and often involves uncertainty. Although we believe our estimates are reasonable, the ultimate tax outcome may differ from the amounts recorded in our financial statements and may affect our financial results in the period or periods for which such determination is made. Further, due to shifting economic and political conditions, tax policies, laws, or rates in various jurisdictions may be subject to significant changes in ways that could harm our financial condition and operating results. For example, various jurisdictions around the world have enacted or are considering revenue-based taxes such as digital services taxes and other targeted taxes, which could lead to inconsistent and potentially overlapping international tax regimes. The US has imposed a 1% excise tax on the fair market value of shares repurchased, which could increase in the future. Over 140 countries are negotiating changes to international tax policies led by the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development (OECD), including a 15% global minimum tax rate. In January 2026, the OECD announced a "Side-by-Side Safe Harbor" that exempts US operations of US-parented companies from global minimum tax rules. Adoption of minimum tax rules outside the US could increase our effective tax rate and cash tax payments. Risks Related to Ownership of Our Stock We cannot guarantee that any share repurchase program or dividend program will be continuously active or fully consummated or will enhance long-term stockholder value, and share repurchases or dividends could increase the volatility of our stock prices and could diminish our cash reserves. We engage in share repurchases of our Class A and Class C stock from time to time in accordance with authorizations from the Board of Directors of Alphabet. Our repurchase program does not have an expiration date and does not obligate Alphabet to repurchase any specific dollar amount or to acquire any specific number of shares. Our cash dividend program pays regular cash dividends to our Class A, Class B, and Class C stockholders. Any and all future cash dividends are subject to declaration by our Board of Directors in its sole discretion, and in accordance with the requirements of any applicable laws, rules, and regulations, including the Delaware General Corporation Law. Our cash dividend program does not require, and our Board of Directors may decide not to declare, a cash dividend each quarter, and does not obligate our Board of Directors to declare a dividend at any specific dollar amount per share. Any such decision by our Board of Directors may depend on a variety of factors that it may deem relevant, including but not limited to our earnings, liquidity, financial condition, other capital deployment opportunities, level of indebtedness, and general market conditions. Our share repurchases and dividends could affect our share trading prices, increase their volatility, reduce our cash reserves and may be suspended or terminated at any time, which may result in a decrease in the trading prices of our stock. The concentration of our stock ownership limits our stockholders' ability to influence corporate matters. Our Class B stock has 10 votes per share, our Class A stock has one vote per share, and our Class C stock has no voting rights. As of December&#160;31, 2025, Larry Page and Sergey Brin beneficially owned approximately 89.3% of our 21. Table of Contents Alphabet Inc. outstanding Class B stock, which represented approximately 52.7% of the voting power of our outstanding common stock. Through their stock ownership, Larry and Sergey have significant influence over all matters requiring stockholder approval, including the election of directors and significant corporate transactions, such as a merger or other sale of our company or our assets, for the foreseeable future. In addition, because our Class C stock carries no voting rights (except as required by applicable law), the issuance of the Class C stock, including in future stock-based acquisition transactions and to fund employee equity incentive programs, could continue Larry and Sergey's current relative voting power and their ability to elect all of our directors and to determine the outcome of most matters submitted to a vote of our stockholders. The share repurchases made pursuant to our repurchase program may also affect Larry and Sergey's relative voting power. This concentrated control limits or severely restricts other stockholders' ability to influence corporate matters and we may take actions that some of our stockholders do not view as beneficial, which could reduce the market price of our Class A stock and our Class C stock. Provisions in our charter documents and under Delaware law could discourage a takeover that stockholders may consider favorable. Provisions in Alphabet's certificate of incorporation and bylaws may have the effect of delaying or preventing a change of control or changes in our management. These provisions include the following: &#8226; Our Board of Directors has the right to elect directors to fill a vacancy created by the expansion of the Board of Directors or the resignation, death, or removal of a director. &#8226; Our stockholders may not act by written consent, which makes it difficult to take certain actions without holding a stockholders' meeting. &#8226; Our certificate of incorporation prohibits cumulative voting in the election of directors. This limits the ability of minority stockholders to elect director candidates. &#8226; Stockholders must provide advance notice to nominate individuals for election to the Board of Directors or to propose matters that can be acted upon at a stockholders' meeting. These provisions may discourage or deter a potential acquirer from conducting a solicitation of proxies to elect the acquirer's own slate of directors or otherwise attempting to obtain control of our company. &#8226; Our Board of Directors may issue, without stockholder approval, shares of undesignated preferred stock, which makes it possible for our Board of Directors to issue preferred stock with voting or other rights or preferences that could impede the success of any attempt to acquire us. As a Delaware corporation, we are also subject to certain Delaware anti-takeover provisions. Under Delaware law, a corporation may not engage in a business combination with any holder of 15% or more of its outstanding voting stock unless the holder has held the stock for three years or, among other things, the Board of Directors has approved the transaction. Our Board of Directors could rely on Delaware law to prevent or delay an acquisition of us. General Risks Our operating results may fluctuate, which makes our results difficult to predict and could cause our results to fall short of expectations. Our operating results have fluctuated, and may in the future fluctuate, as a result of a number of factors, many outside of our control, including the cyclical nature and seasonality in our business and geopolitical events. As a result, comparing our operating results (including our expenses as a percentage of our revenues) on a period-to-period basis may not be meaningful, and our past results should not be relied on as an indication of our future performance. Consequently, our operating results in future quarters may fall below expectations. Acquisitions, joint ventures, investments, and divestitures could result in operating difficulties, dilution, and other consequences that could harm our business, financial condition, and operating results. Acquisitions, joint ventures, investments, and divestitures are important elements of our overall corporate strategy and use of capital, and these transactions could be material to our financial condition and operating results. We expect to continue to evaluate and enter into discussions regarding a wide array of such potential strategic arrangements, which could create unforeseen operating difficulties and expenditures. Some of the areas where we face risks include: &#8226; diversion of management time and focus from operating our business to challenges related to acquisitions and other strategic arrangements; &#8226; failure to obtain required approvals on a timely basis, if at all, from governmental authorities, or conditions placed upon approval, either of which could, among other things, delay or prevent us from completing a transaction, result in the payment of fees or penalties to a counterparty, or otherwise restrict our ability to 22. Table of Contents Alphabet Inc. realize the expected financial or strategic goals of a transaction; or investigations or litigation by governmental authorities related to our acquisitions, investments, and other strategic arrangements; &#8226; failure to successfully integrate the acquired operations, technologies, services, and personnel (including cultural integration and retention of employees) and further develop the acquired business or technology; &#8226; implementation of controls (or remediation of deficiencies), procedures, and policies at the acquired company; &#8226; integration of the acquired company's accounting and other administrative systems, and the coordination of product, engineering, and sales and marketing functions; &#8226; transition of operations, users, and customers onto our existing platforms; &#8226; in the case of foreign acquisitions, the need to integrate operations across different cultures and languages and to address the particular economic, currency, political, and regulatory risks associated with specific countries; &#8226; failure to accomplish commercial, strategic, or financial objectives with respect to investments, joint ventures, and other strategic arrangements; &#8226; failure to realize the value of investments and joint ventures due to a lack of liquidity or an inability to identify buyers or negotiate favorable terms for intended divestitures; &#8226; liability for activities of the acquired company before the acquisition, including intellectual property infringement claims, data privacy and security issues, violations of laws, commercial disputes, tax liabilities, warranty claims, product liabilities, and other known and unknown liabilities; and &#8226; litigation or other claims in connection with the acquired company, including claims from terminated employees, customers, former stockholders, or other third parties. Our failure to address these risks or other problems encountered in connection with our past or future acquisitions and other strategic arrangements could cause us to fail to realize their anticipated benefits, incur unanticipated liabilities, and harm our business generally. Our acquisitions and other strategic arrangements could also result in dilutive issuances of our equity securities, the incurrence of debt, contingent liabilities, or amortization expenses, or impairment of goodwill or purchased long-lived assets, and restructuring charges, any of which could harm our financial condition and operating results. Also, the anticipated benefits or value of our acquisitions, investments, and other strategic arrangements may not materialize. In connection with our divestitures and certain strategic arrangements, we have agreed, and may in the future agree, to provide indemnification for certain potential liabilities, which could harm our financial condition and operating results. We rely on highly skilled personnel and, if we are unable to retain or motivate key personnel, hire qualified personnel, or maintain and continue to adapt our corporate culture, we may not be able to grow or operate effectively. Our performance and future success depends in large part upon the continued service of key technical leads as well as members of our senior management team. For instance, Sundar Pichai is critical to the overall management of Alphabet and its subsidiaries and plays an important role in the development of our technology, maintaining our culture, and setting our strategic direction. Our ability to compete effectively and our future success depend on our continuing to identify, hire, develop, motivate, and retain highly skilled personnel for all areas of our organization. Competition in our industry for qualified employees, particularly AI talent, is intense, and certain of our competitors have directly targeted, and may continue to target, our employees. In addition, our compensation arrangements, such as our equity award programs, may not always be successful in attracting new employees and retaining and motivating our existing employees. Immigration policy and regulatory changes, and uncertainty regarding such policies and regulations, may also affect our ability to hire, mobilize, or retain some of our global talent. All of our executive officers and key employees are at-will employees, and we do not maintain any key-person life insurance policies. We believe that our corporate culture fosters innovation, creativity, and teamwork. As our organization grows and evolves, we may need to adapt our corporate culture and work environments to ever-changing circumstances, and these changes could affect our ability to compete effectively or have an adverse effect on our corporate culture. ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS Not applicable. ITEM 1C. &#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;CYBERSECURITY 23. Table of Contents Alphabet Inc. We maintain a comprehensive process for identifying, assessing, and managing material risks from cybersecurity threats as part of our broader risk management system and processes. For example, some risks include our software supply chain and other third-party dependencies, vulnerabilities in our products and services, theft of our intellectual property, and attempts to compromise our infrastructure. We obtain input, as appropriate, for our cybersecurity risk management program on the security industry and threat trends from multiple external experts and internal threat intelligence teams. Teams of dedicated privacy, safety, and security professionals oversee cybersecurity risk management and mitigation, incident prevention, detection, and remediation. These teams comprise professionals with deep cybersecurity expertise across multiple industries and are led by our Vice President of Privacy, Safety, and Security, who has more than 20 years of experience, including roles in technology infrastructure for two other large public companies. Our executive leadership team, along with input from the above teams, are responsible for our overall enterprise risk management system and processes and regularly consider cybersecurity risks in the context of other material risks to the company. As part of our cybersecurity risk management process, our incident management teams track and log privacy and security incidents across Alphabet, our vendors, and other third-party service providers to remediate and resolve any such incidents. Significant incidents are reviewed regularly by a cross-functional working group to determine whether further escalation is appropriate. Any incident assessed as potentially being or potentially becoming material is promptly escalated for further assessment, and then reported to designated members of our senior management. We consult with outside counsel as appropriate, including on materiality analysis and disclosure matters, and our senior management makes the final materiality determinations and disclosure and other compliance decisions. Our management apprises Alphabet&#8217;s independent public accounting firm of relevant matters and developments. The Risk and Compliance Committee has oversight responsibility for risks and incidents relating to cybersecurity threats, including compliance with disclosure requirements, cooperation with law enforcement, and related effects on financial and other risks, and it reports any findings and recommendations, as appropriate, to the full Board for consideration. Senior management regularly discusses cybersecurity risks and trends and, should they arise, any material incidents with the Risk and Compliance Committee. Internal Audit maintains a dedicated cybersecurity auditing team that independently tests our cybersecurity controls. Our business strategy, results of operations and financial condition have not been materially affected by risks from cybersecurity threats, including as a result of previously identified cybersecurity incidents, but we cannot provide assurance that they will not be materially affected in the future by such risks or any future material incidents . For more information on our cybersecurity related risks, see Item 1A Risk Factors of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. ITEM 2. PROPERTIES Our headquarters are located in Mountain View, California. We own and lease office facilities and data centers around the world, primarily in Asia, Europe, and North America. We believe our existing facilities are in good condition and suitable for the conduct of our business. ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS For a description of our material pending legal proceedings, see Legal Matters in Note 10 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part II, Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, which is incorporated herein by reference. ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES Not applicable. 24. Table of Contents Alphabet Inc. PART II ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT&#8217;S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS, AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES As of October 2, 2015, Alphabet Inc. became the successor issuer of Google Inc. pursuant to Rule 12g-3(a) under the Exchange Act. Our Class A stock has been listed on the Nasdaq Global Select Market under the symbol &#8220;GOOG&#8221; since August 19, 2004, and under the symbol "GOOGL" since April 3, 2014. Prior to August 19, 2004, there was no public market for our stock. Our Class B stock is neither listed nor traded. Our Class C stock has been listed on the Nasdaq Global Select Market under the symbol &#8220;GOOG&#8221; since April 3, 2014. Holders of Record As of December&#160;31, 2025 , there were approxim a tely 5,861 and 1,611 stock holders of record of our Class&#160;A stock and Class C stock, respectively. Because many of our shares of Class A stock and Class C stock are held by brokers and other institutions on behalf of stockholders, we are unable to estimate the total number of stockholders represented by these record holders. As of December&#160;31, 2025, there were approximately 57 st ockholders of record of our Class B stock. Dividend Program Dividend payments to stockholders of Class A, Class B, and Class C shares were $4.8 billion, $703 million, and $4.5 billion, respectively, for the year ended December&#160;31, 2025. The company intends to pay quarterly cash dividends in the future, subject to review and approval by the company&#8217;s Board of Directors in its sole discretion. We regularly evaluate our cash and capital structure, including the size, pace, and form of capital return to stockholders. Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities The following table presents information with respect to Alphabet's repurchases of Class A and Class C stock during the quarter ended December&#160;31, 2025 : Period Total Number of Class A Shares Purchased (in thousands) (1) Total Number of Class C Shares Purchased (in thousands) (1) Average Price Paid per Class A Share (2) Average Price Paid per Class C Share (2) Total Number of Shares Purchased as Part of Publicly Announced Programs (in thousands) (1) Approximate Dollar Value of Shares that May Yet Be Purchased Under the Program (in millions) October 1 - 31 841&#160; 13,305&#160; $ 253.20&#160; $ 255.03&#160; 14,146&#160; $ 71,231&#160; November 1 - 30 209&#160; 5,885&#160; $ 286.00&#160; $ 281.46&#160; 6,094&#160; $ 69,503&#160; December 1 - 31 0&#160; 0&#160; $ 0.00&#160; $ 0.00&#160; 0&#160; $ 69,503&#160; Total 1,050&#160; 19,190&#160; 20,240&#160; (1) &#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; In April 2024, the company's Board of Directors authorized a $70.0 billion share repurchase program for its Class A and Class C shares. In April 2025, the company's Board of Directors authorized an additional $70.0 billion share repurchase program for its Class A and Class C shares. Repurchases are being executed from time to time, subject to general business and market conditions and other investment opportunities, through open market purchases or privately negotiated transactions, including through Rule 10b5-1 plans. The repurchase programs do not have an expiration date. For additional information related to share repurchases, see Note 11 o f the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. (2) &#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; Average price paid per share includes costs associated with the repurchases. 25. Table of Contents Alphabet Inc. Stock Performance Graphs The graph below matches Alphabet Inc. Class A's cumulative five-year total stockholder return on common stock with the cumulative total returns of the S&amp;P 500 index, the NASDAQ Composite index, and the RDG Internet Composite index. The graph tracks the performance of a $100 investment in our common stock and in each index (with the reinvestment of all dividends) from December&#160;31, 2020, to December&#160;31, 2025. The returns shown are based on historical results and are not intended to suggest future performance. COMPARISON OF CUMULATIVE 5-YEAR TOTAL RETURN* ALPHABET INC. CLASS A COMMON STOCK Among Alphabet Inc., the S&amp;P 500 Index, the NASDAQ Composite Index, and the RDG Internet Composite Index *$100 invested on December&#160;31, 2020, in stock or index, including reinvestment of dividends. Copyright &#169; 2026 S&amp;P, a division of The McGraw-Hill Companies Inc. All rights reserved. 26. Table of Contents Alphabet Inc. The graph below matches Alphabet Inc. Class C's cumulative five-year total stockholder return on capital stock with the cumulative total returns of the S&amp;P 500 index, the NASDAQ Composite index, and the RDG Internet Composite index. The graph tracks the performance of a $100 investment in our Class C capital stock and in each index (with the reinvestment of all dividends) from December&#160;31, 2020, to December&#160;31, 2025. The returns shown are based on historical results and are not intended to suggest future performance. COMPARISON OF CUMULATIVE 5-YEAR TOTAL RETURN* ALPHABET INC. CLASS C CAPITAL STOCK Among Alphabet Inc., the S&amp;P 500 Index, the NASDAQ Composite Index, and the RDG Internet Composite Index *$100 invested on December&#160;31, 2020, in stock or in index, including reinvestment of dividends. Copyright &#169; 2026 S&amp;P, a division of The McGraw-Hill Companies Inc. All rights reserved. ITEM 6. [Reserved] 27. Table of Contents Alphabet Inc. ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT&#8217;S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS Please read the following discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations together with &#8220;Note about Forward-Looking Statements,&#8221; Part I, Item 1 "Business," Part I, Item 1A "Risk Factors," and our consolidated financial statements and related notes included under Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. The following section generally discusses 2025 results compared to 2024 results. Discussion of 2024 results compared to 2023 results to the extent not included in this report can be found in Item 7 of our 2024 Annual Report on Form 10-K. Understanding Alphabet&#8217;s Financial Results Alphabet is a collection of businesses &#8212; the largest of which is Google. We report Google in two segments, Google Services and Google Cloud, and all non-Google businesses collectively as Other Bets. Supporting these businesses, we have centralized certain AI-related research and development focused on advanced research in AI and developing the frontier models that serve our businesses, which is reported in Alphabet-level activities. For further details on our segments, see Part I, Item 1 Business and Note 15 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Trends in Our Business and Financial Effect The following long-term trends have contributed to the results of our consolidated operations, and we anticipate that they will continue to affect our future results: &#8226; As we continue to grow our business and meet the evolving behaviors and needs of our users and customers, our revenue growth and mix along with our cost and margin profiles are being influenced by a number of factors, including: Expanded AI Offerings in our Products and Services: The continuing evolution of the online world has contributed to the growth of our business. We expect that this evolution, including user engagement with AI products and services, will continue to benefit our business and our revenues. As we continue to incorporate AI into our products and services, such as with AI Overviews and AI Mode in Search, and with enterprise AI solutions on our Google Cloud Platform, we may monetize differently than our historical consumer and enterprise offerings which could affect revenue growth rates and margin trends. When developing new products and services we generally focus first on user experience and then on monetization. At the same time, we face increasing competition, including from other developers and providers of AI products and services, which may affect our revenues. Increasing Revenues Beyond Advertising: Revenues from cloud, consumer subscriptions, platforms, and devices, which may have differing characteristics than our advertising revenues, have grown over time. Certain of these revenues have been growing at a rate higher than our advertising revenues, becoming a larger percentage of our consolidated revenues, and we expect this trend to continue. The margins on these revenues vary significantly and are generally lower than the margins on our advertising revenues. Increased Investment in Technical Infrastructure: We continue to invest in capital expenditures as we scale our technical infrastructure, in particular for AI, to meet the demand of our users and enterprise customers and to support research internally. We invested heavily in capital expenditures in 2025 and in 2026, we expect to significantly increase , relative to 2025, our i nvestment in our technical infrastructure, including servers and network equipment, and data centers. The costs associated with operating our technical infrastructure - depreciation, energy, equipment, and network capacity - are expected to significantly increase as developing and serving AI offerings require more compute power than our historical consumer and enterprise offerings. While our technical infrastructure costs increase, we expect to continue to drive efficiencies in our data centers, for example, through the design of our AI models and our TPU and GPU-based technical infrastructure. Continued Investment in Intellectual Property through R&amp;D and Acquisitions: We continue to make significant research and development investments in areas of strategic focus as we seek to develop new, innovative offerings, and improve our existing offerings across our businesse s. A cquisitions and strategic investments remain important elements in our use of capital and contribute to the breadth and depth of our offerings, expand our expertise in engineering and other functional areas, and build strong partnerships around strategic initiatives. Traffic Acquisition Costs Growth and Rate Changes: We expect traffic acquisition costs ("TAC") paid to our distribution partners and Google Network partners to increase as our advertising revenues grow. Our overall TAC as a percentage of our advertising revenues ("TAC rate") has been decreasing primarily due to a revenue mix 28. Table of Contents Alphabet Inc. shift from Google Network properties to Google Search &amp; other properties. Our TAC rate will continue to be affected by changes in device mix; geographic mix; partner agreement terms; partner mix; the percentage of queries channeled through paid access points; product mix; the relative revenue growth rates of advertising revenues from different channels; and revenue share terms. &#8226; We have raised capital through external financing in the form of debt and we may continue to seek debt or other forms of financing in the future to support our capital and operating needs. In 2025, we raised capital through the issuance of debt and we expect to continue to assess the use of debt and other forms of financing in the future. We expect to continue to enter into finance leases, primarily for data centers. Additionally, in 2025, we provided credit support, such as through backstops and guarantees, to certain infrastructure related counterparties and may continue to provide additional credit support in the future. &#8226; We face an evolving regulatory environment, and we are subject to claims, lawsuits, investigations, and other forms of potential legal liability, which could affect our business practices and financial results. Changes in social, political, economic, tax, and regulatory conditions or in laws and policies governing a wide range of topics and related legal matters, including investigations, lawsuits, and regulatory actions, have resulted in fines and caused us to change our business practices. As the regulatory environment continues to evolve, we may continue to incur fines and we expect increased costs associated with compliance, modifications to our products and services, and limitations on our ability to pursue certain business practices. For additional information, see Part I, Item 1A Risk Factors and Legal Matters in Note 10 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Revenues and Monetization Metrics We generate revenues by delivering relevant, cost-effective online advertising; cloud-based solutions that provide enterprise customers of all sizes with infrastructure, platform services, and applications; and sales of other products and services, such as fees received for subscription-based products, apps and in-app purchases, and devices. For additional information on how we recognize revenue, see Note 1 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. In addition to the long-term trends and their financial effect on our business discussed above, fluctuations in our revenues have been and may continue to be affected by a combination of factors, including: &#8226; changes in foreign currency exchange rates; &#8226; changes in pricing, such as those resulting from changes in fee structures, discounts, and customer incentives; &#8226; general economic conditions and various external dynamics, including geopolitical events, regulations, and other measures and their effect on advertiser, consumer, and enterprise spending; &#8226; new product, service, and market launches; and &#8226; seasonality. Additionally, fluctuations in our revenues generated from advertising ("Google advertising"), other sources ("Google subscriptions, platforms, and devices"), Google Cloud, and Other Bets have been, and may continue to be, affected by other factors unique to each set of revenues, as described below. Google Services Google Services revenues consist of Google advertising as well as Google subscriptions, platforms, and devices revenues. Google Advertising Google advertising revenues are comprised of the following: &#8226; Google Search &amp; other, which includes revenues generated on Google search properties (including revenues from traffic generated by search distribution partners who use Google.com as their default search in browsers, toolbars, etc.), and other Google owned and operated properties like Gmail, Google Maps, and Google Play; &#8226; YouTube ads, which includes revenues generated on YouTube properties; and &#8226; Google Network, which includes revenues generated on Google Network properties participating in AdMob, AdSense, and Google Ad Manager. 29. Table of Contents Alphabet Inc. We use certain metrics to track how well traffic across various properties is monetized as it relates to our advertising revenues: paid clicks and cost-per-click pertain to traffic on Google Search &amp; other properties, while impressions and cost-per-impression pertain to traffic on our Google Network properties. Paid clicks represent engagement by users and include clicks on advertisements by end-users on Google search properties and other Google owned and operated properties including Gmail, Google Maps, and Google Play. Cost-per-click is defined as click-driven revenues divided by our total number of paid clicks and represents the average amount we charge advertisers for each engagement by users. Impressions include impressions displayed to users on Google Network properties participating primarily in AdMob, AdSense, and Google Ad Manager. Cost-per-impression is defined as impression-based and click-based revenues divided by our total number of impressions, and represents the average amount we charge advertisers for each impression displayed to users. As our business evolves, we periodically review, refine, and update our methodologies for monitoring, gathering, and counting the number of paid clicks and the number of impressions, and for identifying the revenues generated by the corresponding click and impression activity. Fluctuations in our advertising revenues, as well as the change in paid clicks and cost-per-click on Google Search &amp; other properties and the change in impressions and cost-per-impression on Google Network properties and the correlation between these items have been, and may continue to be, affected by factors in addition to the general factors described above, such as: &#8226; advertiser competition for keywords; &#8226; changes in advertising quality, formats, delivery, or policy; &#8226; changes in device mix; &#8226; seasonal fluctuations in internet usage, advertising expenditures, and underlying business trends, such as traditional retail seasonality; and &#8226; traffic growth in emerging markets compared to more mature markets and across various verticals and channels. Google Subscriptions, Platforms, and Devices Google subscriptions, platforms, and devices revenues are comprised of the following: &#8226; consumer subscriptions, which primarily include revenues from YouTube services, such as YouTube TV, YouTube Music and Premium, and NFL Sunday Ticket, as well as Google One, which offers access to our most capable Gemini models; &#8226; platforms, which primarily include revenues from Google Play sales of apps and in-app purchases; &#8226; devices, which primarily include sales of the Pixel family of devices; and &#8226; other products and services. Fluctuations in our Google subscriptions, platforms, and devices revenues have been, and may continue to be, affected by factors in addition to the general factors described above, such as changes in customer usage and demand, number of subscribers, and the timing of product launches. Google Cloud Google Cloud revenues are comprised of the following: &#8226; Google Cloud Platform primarily generates consumption-based fees and subscriptions for infrastructure, platform, and other services. These services provide access to solutions such as AI offerings including our enterprise AI infrastructure, Vertex AI platform, and Gemini Enterprise; cybersecurity offerings; and data and analytics solutions; &#8226; Google Workspace includes subscriptions for cloud-based communication and collaboration tools for enterprises, such as Gmail, Docs, Calendar, Drive, and Meet, with integrated features like Gemini for Google Workspace; and &#8226; other enterprise services. Fluctuations in our Google Cloud revenues have been, and may continue to be, affected by factors in addition to the general factors described above, such as changes in customer usage, demand, and supply availability. 30. Table of Contents Alphabet Inc. Other Bets Revenues from Other Bets are generated primarily from the sale of autonomous transportation services and internet services. Costs and Expenses Our cost structure has two components: cost of revenues and operating expenses. Our operating expenses include costs related to research and development, sales and marketing, and general and administrative functions. Certain of our costs and expenses, including those associated with the operation of our technical infrastructure as well as components of our operating expenses, are generally less variable in nature and may not correlate to changes in revenue. Additionally, fluctuations in employee compensation expenses may not directly correlate with changes in headcount, due to factors such as annual SBC awards that vest over time. Cost of Revenues Cost of revenues is comprised of TAC and other costs of revenues. &#8226; TAC includes: &#9702; amounts paid to our distribution partners who make available our search access points and other ad-supported services. Our distribution partners include browser providers, mobile carriers, original equipment manufacturers, and software developers; and &#9702; amounts paid to Google Network partners primarily for ads displayed on their properties. &#8226; Other cost of revenues primarily includes: &#9702; content acquisition costs, which are payments to content providers from whom we license video and other content for distribution, primarily related to YouTube (we pay fees to these content providers based on revenues generated, subscriber counts, or a flat fee); &#9702; depreciation expense, primarily related to our technical infrastructure; &#9702; employee compensation expenses related to our technical infrastructure and other operations such as content review and customer and product support; &#9702; inventory and other costs related to the devices we sell; and &#9702; other technical infrastructure operations costs, including energy, equipment, and network capacity costs. TAC as a percentage of revenues generated from ads placed on Google Network properties are significantly higher than TAC as a percentage of revenues generated from ads placed on Google Search &amp; other properties, because most of the advertiser revenues from ads served on Google Network properties are paid as TAC to our Google Network partners. Operating Expenses Operating expenses are generally incurred during our normal course of business, which we categorize as either research and development, sales and marketing, or general and administrative. The main components of our research and development expenses are: &#8226; depreciation expense, primarily related to our technical infrastructure; &#8226; employee compensation expenses for engineering and technical employees responsible for research and development related to our existing and new products and services; &#8226; other technical infrastructure operations costs, including energy, equipment, and network capacity costs; and &#8226; third-party services fees primarily relating to consulting and outsourced services in support of our engineering and product development efforts. The main components of our sales and marketing expenses are: &#8226; employee compensation expenses for employees engaged in sales and marketing, sales support, and certain customer service functions; and &#8226; spend relating to our advertising and promotional activities in support of our products and services. The main components of our general and administrative expenses are: 31. Table of Contents Alphabet Inc. &#8226; employee compensation expenses for employees in finance, human resources, information technology, legal, and other administrative support functions; &#8226; expenses relating to legal and other matters, including certain fines and settlements; and &#8226; third-party services fees, including audit, consulting, outside legal, and other outsourced administrative services. Other Income (Expense), Net OI&amp;E, net primarily consists of interest income (expense), the effect of foreign currency exchange gains (losses), net gains (losses) and impairment on our marketable and non-marketable securities and income (loss) and impairment from our equity method investments. For additional information, including how we account for our investments and factors that can drive fluctuations in the value of our investments, see Note 1 and Note 3 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in Item 8 as well as